Clarify docs for Server helm chart (#267)
PrefectHQ/server: helm/prefect-server/README.md

The database can be deployed by this chart or be provided externally.
We strongly recommend that you do not deploy a production database using this chart, the provided database is primarily for testing purposes.

> The provided database will **not** persist your data by default. PostgreSQL version 11+ is recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The provided database will **not** persist your data by default.
When connecting to an external database, PostgreSQL 11+ is recommended.
```
